Add SO migration testing guidance to testing guide (#105959)
elastic/kibana: dev_docs/tutorials/saved_objects.mdx

 in which this migration was released. So if you are creating a migration which will
 be part of the v7.10.0 release, but will also be backported and released as v7.9.3, the migration version should be: 7.9.3.

Migrations should be written defensively, an exception in a migration function will prevent a Kibana upgrade from succeeding and will cause downtime for our users. 
Having said that, if a document is encountered that is not in the expected shape, migrations are encouraged to throw an exception to abort the upgrade. In most scenarios, it is better to
fail an upgrade than to silently ignore a corrupt document which can cause unexpected behaviour at some future point in time. When such a scenario is encountered,
the error should be verbose and informative so that the corrupt document can be corrected, if possible.

### Testing Migrations

> See the <DocLink id="kibDevTutorialTestingPlugins" section="saved-object-migrations" text="Saved Object migrations section in the plugin testing guide"/>.

Reviewer: nit: just a small paragraph so that this link doesn't seem like optional reading...

```suggestion
Bugs in a migration function cause downtime for our users and therefore have a very high impact. Follow the <DocLink id="kibDevTutorialTestingPlugins" section="saved-object-migrations" text="Saved Object migrations section in the plugin testing guide"/>.
```
